[MIG] account_invoice_warn_message: Migration to 18.0 (#1867)
OCA/account-invoicing: account_invoice_warn_message/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

> This module add a warning popup on invoice to ensure warning is
> populated no only when partner is changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module adds an alert on invoice form displaying the partner's warning invoice message.
```
